we are Katie and Giancarlo called Daisy
we run the cookery school La Cucina
called Daisy also we have cafe called AZ
amalgam and we have a restaurant in Bray
called caldas in Campania and today
we're going to show you a wonderful
Italian recipe okay and today we are
going to show you how to do some fried
calamari this is a very very Italian
dish we do lots of places and the
ingredients are very simple you have
some 300 ml of beer 2 eggs
300 grams of flour flour double zero
flour or plain flour few calamari and
need the lemon for later on salt and
pepper so now we what we're going to do
is very simple we crack the eggs into
the into here and you are mix the eggs a
little bit there is a white the reason
why I mix the eggs because you don't
want them their yolk to get stuck in
lumps with the flour so mix it all up
then you add your beer and you mix the
whole thing up together
and you have some black pepper and some
fine salt there we are
mix it all up if the pastel Allah if the
PHA Stella this one is a little bit too
thick you can always add a little bit of
water and that's fine so here sometimes
the flower reacts differently so in this
case is a little bit thick so we add
just about 50 ml of water there we are
and mix it all up and now all you have
to do is cut the actual calamari in
little little round like little tires
like this I like it when they are not
too thin okay so there we are
this has been you cut it and then you
dip into your pastel Allah and straight
into the fryer there we go now we put
into the pastel Allah and the head the
head when you go to the tentacle they
are too big you cut them a little the
lattice then you cut this in half and
you just put in the pastel as well so
now we go all our calamari into the
pastel Allah dip it into a frying pan
into the front side to the fryer
okay
and then we have our delicious calamari
when the calamari are ready you leave
Imanol in some paper so that all the
excessive oil comes away once you've
done that you put a sprinkle of salt on
top like this then you have a nice slice
of lemon with it nice wedge of lemon and
we give them that we can serve them
and here you've got your wonderful
calamari fritti